hi I am Swati from agency relationship
team ICICI Lombard and we are glad to
tell you about our anywhere cashless
feature anywhere cashless means
Stressless
get cashless treatment now at any
Hospital of your choice yes you have
heard it right at ICICI Lombard we are
committed to providing you with the best
of policy Insurance Solutions and to
meet your needs with anywhere cashless
offering you can now enjoy with the
Peace of Mind knowing that you can
receive the Quality Medical Care without
any Financial stress so here are some of
the benefits of this feature first zero
waiting for reimbursement second hassle
free and quick claims third the superior
convenience of cashless treatment at any
Hospital of your vicinity and fourth the
enhanced freedom to not pay any of the
medical bill out of your pocket
so let's understand how to Avail the
benefit with the ielt care application
Step 1 Click and login to the IL take
care application click on the service V
offer option now
click on the health assistance button
and choose anywhere cashless
so hurry up and download the I'll take
care application now to Avail anywhere
cashless facility launched by the ICICI
Lombard General Insurance company for
the first time in industry